no gunshots but take it in oh hey what
is up guys just a bro back in a madam
mobile and today I'll be showcasing the
all-time Steelers team let's get right
into it starting off with Plaxico
Burress mobile masters 99 overall he
started his career with the Pittsburgh
Steelers so of course I had to add it to
the team opposite of him we have
incredible athlete amazing player
Antonio Brown 96 or roll team the year
definitely deserves another type another
version of a card in this game I don't
know if it's going to be a 99 final
edition but this guy deserves another
car cuz 96 this is highest overall right
now moving on we have combine warrior
Darrius heyward-bey in the Flex halfback
way of positional here al avion Bell and
the Flex we have super audition Franco
Harris there were a lot of really really
good running backs for the Steelers
running backs and fullbacks they had
jerome bettis rashard mendenhall willie
parker just a bunch of really solid
athletes moving on quarterback there you
know I don't know if he's their best
quarterback of all time that's always a
controversial with Terry Bradshaw as
well but Big Ben Roethlisberger's on
here tight n we have Heath Miller uh-oh
line we have Marcus Gilbert David
DeCastro of course Mike Webster Willie
cologne and Kevin Beecham Kelvin Beachum
so a very nice lineup guys if I if I'm
ever missing any players just leave in
the comments below because I try to do
these videos a very quickly just off the
top of my head and then I sometimes miss
a player but moving on to defense guys
we have 91 overall final edition Keenan
Lewis opposite of him we have dynamic
duo I Taylor on the bottom we have
nickel Mike flat Mike Mitchell at safety
and in the dime we have Bryce McCain
once again you know William Gay deserves
a higher overall the madden 15 not too
sure why he has a very low crown the
game but it's pretty solid cornerback
and CN Steelers had really good defenses
throughout like the past
no few decades but they just never never
get a decent over all of these players
but here we go again we have 99 Easter
rod woodson we have 98 troy polamalu but
unfortunately does not have a 99 overall
in this game but he does on the console
when I say in this game I mean from a
tmobile but he does have a limited
edition console version only I don't
know for the cat retirement they gave an
eye on overall looks pretty that's
pretty sick now this linebacker corps is
ridiculous 99 Jack ham 99 middle
linebacker jackal amber let me click on
let me show you guys his stats 93 speed
95 strength 89 agility night 98 excel
95-100 tackle wanted to pursue 99 hit
power at this stage zone coverage is all
right but not the best not the best
coverage linebacker use mainly known for
you know disrupting the run and there's
basically just a menace on the field
especially that steel curtain Mean Joe
Greene and what was in some writing
Dwight and two other guys I completely
forgot but um yeah that steel curtain
team was incredible and we have Alvin
Dupree there that was the first pick for
the Steelers in this 2015 draft we also
have 99 James Harrison who does in my
opinion deserve a legend card in mobile
masters all right definitely over
Plaxico for sure and in the d-line we i
mean joe greene Steve McLendon Brett
Keisel and cameron heyward once again
you know a lot of players don't get the
credit they deserve so they're not
putting the game but let's see here
pensive ends for the steelers
brent kiesel deserves a higher overall
he has on I think a 92 overall in
console that's a season's better in the
card I think trying to think I'll pop my
head who some of the defensive ends for
the Steelers killer with Casey Hampton
yo Casey Hampton deserves a 99 defensive
tackle card bad guy was a stud on the
field all right guys moving on to
special teams we have shaun suisham a
lot of people pronounce his name
differently Sean Sean a Suisham Shaun
Suisham I'm not too sure how to
pronounce his name or is it sweetie I'm
I don't know but yeah I always hear Mike
Tirico pronouncing it guy on ESPN but um
and he does like translation so we have
a Markus Wheaton I kick returner and
Adam Pont a Polish I hunter and of
course in 95 Antonio Brown punt returner
and yeah this is the all-time Steelers
team guys not not a bad-looking roster
if I do say so myself and here's the
offense so yeah thank you guys for
watching please leave like in the video
if you enjoyed it a few obviously a few
more theme teams coming out but yeah if
you enjoy this video please leave a like
on the video if you enjoy Nelson and uh
subscribe YouTube channel I'll catch you
guys in the next video okay